[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on
"Cosmic Disclosure," we
have Sergeant Clifford Stone.
Today he's going to be
taking us to Southeast Asia
to tell us his experiences
with extraterrestrials
and their craft.
Sergeant Stone, welcome
to the show again.
>>CLIFFORD STONE:
Thank you, sir.
It's my great
privilege to be here.
>>EMERY: Sarge, you were
in some crash retrievals
in Southeast Asia.
What can you tell me about that?
>>STONE: Well, actually,
we were involved
with actually recovering
a B-52 there in Cambodia,
only we didn't know
it at the time.
And what really went
on at Nui Ba Den, where
we went into the
mountain, I have no idea
what that was all about.
But both of them
involved our visitors.
>>EMERY: You saw
extraterrestrials there
at the site?
>>STONE: Absolutely.
I was to later learn that we
did in fact have UFOs, which
everyone is directed do not
use the term "UFOs," do not use
the term "extraterrestrial."
We would refer to
the UFOs that we
were seeing as enemy helicopters
or unidentified aircraft.
That was very hard for
particularly the people
who worked the radar.
Very simply put, on radar,
they have what's called an RCS,
radar cross-section.
And you can pretty much tell
even what type of aircraft
you're picking up.
When you had these blimps or
the RCSes that were showing up,
they were totally unidentifiable
as to what type of craft
they might be.
>>EMERY: Is that part of the
cover-up for these people
is saying that the special craft
was a helicopter, so no one ask
us any more questions?
>>STONE: Oh, absolutely.
It's the entire
purpose behind that,
it's to make it to where,
oh, it was just a helicopter,
oh, it was just a
plane flying over.
They just didn't know whether
it was Army, Air Force,
Vietnamese, or the Thai.
That's all.
I hadn't gone to Vietnam.
I was still at
Fort Lee, Virginia.
They came in and said, OK,
we're going to go ahead,
and we're going to do a field
training exercise in Florida,
and it's going to be
using selected individuals
from various units
here at Fort Lee.
So there was me and another
person by the name of Skee.
He was Air Police at the time.
He was with the MPs,
but with our unit.
So we were the only two
from the 36th Civil Affairs.
So we were selected.
And there were other people.
No one really knew one
another on the plane.
So we took off.
And we were flying for
quite a few hours--
six, seven hours-- before
we landed to refuel.
Everyone knew this
was way too long to go
from Virginia to Florida.
But that right there
was just a cover story--
>>EMERY: I know.
>>STONE: --to get us where we
wouldn't ask any questions.
But now, when we
landed to refuel,
one of the soldiers that was
sitting directly behind me
looked out the window and says,
if this is not Oakland airport,
I will kiss your hindside.
So with that, the one I
always called the Colonel,
he pulled out the .45 and
very loudly, very firmly said,
I will personally shoot the
next SOB that opens his mouth
and says any questions.
At this time, you will
close your windows
and you won't say anything.
Once we're airborne, I will
go ahead and explain to you
what mission we're really on.
>>EMERY: You were
on a plane, sir,
not knowing where you're
going, being threatened--
>>STONE: Oh, absolutely.
Everyone was.
>>EMERY: --and close those
windows and keep your piehole
shut.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
And that was a very,
very quiet aircraft
that when it took off--
>>EMERY: You could
hear a pin drop.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
Even with the engines running.
>>EMERY: So I'm assuming
no one opened their mouth
for the rest of the flight.
>>STONE: Mm-mm.
>>EMERY: And what
happens when you landed?
>>STONE: Well, before we
landed, they went ahead
and they gave us plastic bags.
Then they gave us a razor blade,
a single-edge razor blade.
And Skee, he had
a sense of humor.
He went ahead, says, you
know what this is all about,
don't you?
I says, I haven't a clue.
He says, it's real simple.
We're to take the single-edge
razor blade, cut our throats,
and bleed into the plastic bag.
And I said, don't
joke like that.
You may be right.
Anyhow, we went ahead.
And then the Colonel
went ahead, says,
OK, here's what we're doing.
We're heading to a country that
is not friendly to the United
States government.
We had a bomber go down.
And we are going in
to see if there are
any survivors on that bomber.
If they are, we are to go ahead
and call in for helicopters
to come pick up the survivors.
Then we are to come on
back to our staging area,
be picked up by the
helicopters that's
going to take us to
that staging area,
and we'll be picked up by them,
brought back to the airbase
that we landed at, get
back on this plane,
and we'll come back
to the United States,
and then you'll be debriefed.
So OK.
Said, but at this
time, I need you
to go ahead, take everything
out of your pockets
that might identify
you as an American--
wallets, everything,
family pictures.
Everything has come out.
After you do that, I want you to
go ahead, take the razor blade,
where you have US
Army or US Air Force,
we want you to go
ahead, take that off.
Your name on the other side,
want you to take that off.
Your military patches, such as
your unit patch, your combat
patch--
and we still had the
rank at that time--
and take the military ranks off.
Says, you take all that
off, put it in the bag,
put your name on the bag.
And they had a
little sheet that you
had that was affixed
to the bag that you
could write your name on.
Said, you're going to put it all
in that, and we'll collect it,
and it'll remain on this plane
till you all get back here.
Well, at that time,
I didn't realize
why we're doing all that.
Well, it was real simple.
If you got killed,
they could not
tie it to the US government.
So we went ahead and did that.
>>EMERY: So who was
on-board and what
was it made out of, what
team and names you can maybe
give us?
>>STONE: As far as the
people on the plane,
it's always you were not to
know who the other people were.
The intent was so
you would never
get together and make notes.
You'd never get two people
involved in the same situation
to where they could go ahead
and say, this happened,
and the other guy could
say, I know it happened,
because I was there.
And that is what makes it
very difficult for people
to come out and talk and have
confirmation by other people
coming out and saying,
yes, I was there.
On this mission, even
though you didn't
know who the guy was sitting
next to you-- in my case,
I did, because he
was from my unit.
And we sat down together.
I'm quite sure if they saw that,
they may have said, no, no, no,
you guys split up.
But no one hit us up on it.
But Skee knew what
his mission was.
His mission was to go ahead
and provide perimeter security
around the craft
once we got there.
My job was to go ahead,
use radiological equipment
to carry the PRC-25, the field
radio telephone, and was also
to assist to check to
see if any of the people
on-board the craft were
still alive or injured,
then assist in rendering
first aid as good
as I could to any
of the survivors.
I wasn't thinking
about having anything
to do with trying to communicate
with our visitors or anything
like that, because at that
time, I did not know this
had anything to do with UFOs.
I should have guessed,
because the guy that I always
called the Colonel, he was
the one that was in charge.
And I didn't even
think about that.
I don't know why I
didn't think about that.
>>EMERY: From my experience,
I would be thrown on a C-130
with 20, 30 people I'd
never met in my life.
And they make sure it's
that way, of course, so--
>>STONE: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: --nothing
gets slipped up.
But we all knew what
we were supposed to do.
>>STONE: Oh, yeah, I knew
what I supposed to do.
>>EMERY: And they would
call us and say, hey,
you got to be at the tarmac
with the go bag in 15 minutes.
So we would get there
and go, and it'd
be a group of people
we did not know.
But in your case, you knew a
couple people that were there.
>>STONE: I knew one person.
And of course, I
knew who he was.
But they went ahead, told
us to get off the plane,
go to the helicopters.
We got to the helicopters.
We flew for, I'm saying,
an hour, maybe better.
We went to a place
where I now know
was Parrot's Beak in Cambodia.
And when we got there, we had
this little stream that was--
I used to know the name of the
river, because it was a river.
We set up a staging area.
Now, at the staging
area, you're briefed on,
OK, we're going to
go over here, I'm
going to show you
where the site is.
At there, you're going to
do A, B, C, D. So we all
knew what our mission was
when we got over there.
We went over, and it looked
like there was a big hole
damage to the B-52 up front.
And it was as though
it was a SAM-7,
a surface-to-air missile--
>>EMERY: Surface-to-air missile.
>>STONE: --of Soviet origin that
actually went into the aircraft
and killed the people there.
But not everyone
died, because I firmly
believe that they
were trying to fly it
back to the airbase from which
they came from, which would
have been in
Thailand, and everyone
died as a result of their wounds
before that was to happen,
and the plane was
about to crash.
But for whatever reason, some
other higher intelligence
took over and had the plane, as
though as some big, giant hand
picked it up and set it
down on the jungle floor,
because the plane was totally
intact except for that one area
where it appeared that
the SAM went into it.
>>EMERY: Was it a craft?
Was it an ET that
helped this craft?
>>STONE: I think it
was our visitors that
set the craft down, because
they wanted to understand
the dynamics of what happened
there of that little missile
killing everybody
on-board that aircraft.
While we were there where the
B-52 was, after we accomplished
what we were supposed
to accomplish with it,
I saw the B-52.
And to me, I felt
the B-52 should be
much larger than what it was.
For whatever reason,
it looked smaller
than what I thought
it should have been.
So I slung my M16
over my shoulder,
and I'm going around
looking at the craft.
I go around to the tail
section, looking at it,
go around to the other side.
When I get around
to the other side,
there in the shrubbery
coming out of it
are little gray entities
about 4 foot tall.
As they came towards me, I'm
looking at them and thought,
what's going on here?
But I didn't say anything.
But till the day I
die, I'll remember
what the little entity said
to me and the way he said it.
It was like, Clifford,
what are you doing here?
You are not supposed to be here.
At that time, I got
my M16, pulled it up.
You normally don't carry your
weapon on full automatic.
I put it on full automatic,
and I started to fire,
and I yelled out, VC, VC.
No reason for us
to believe that.
And I have no idea why
I was yelling that.
And that was to alert
the other troops that we
were no longer alone, that there
were a number of little guys
there, I'll put it that way.
Well, everyone else
started to shoot.
But our bullets was
having no effect.
You should see where the
bullets would bounce off of them
or where they were
going through them.
All we saw was the
flash from our weapons.
This was daylight.
We couldn't tell
what was going on.
>>EMERY: Were other people
witnessing these little beings?
>>STONE: Oh, yeah, every
soldier there was a witness.
>>EMERY: How many
beings were there?
>>STONE: There were
about 15 or 20.
And normally, you wouldn't
think there'd be that many.
And for whatever reason, they
followed us all the way back
to that little stream
where you had to cross it,
then they stopped.
>>EMERY: Did you just exhaust
your firepower, and nothing
happened, and said, what are
we going to do now, they're
still looking at us?
>>STONE: Oh, absolutely.
We didn't know what
was going to happen.
But maybe we'd have--
>>EMERY: What'd
the commander say?
>>STONE: --to walk back.
Wasn't saying anything.
He was with us going back.
Later on, he just
asked me, do you
have any idea what happened?
I don't have a clue.
And once again, I don't have a
clue, Colonel, because that's
what I always called him.
But when we got back across
there, he said, OK, look,
we need to have somebody
go back and make sure
that everything's all
clear, that we're not
going to any more
surprises back there.
So I need a volunteer.
And I went ahead.
No one volunteered.
And I got to the point
where I felt I had to know.
I had to know what was
going on back there.
So without saying
anything, I got my M16,
and I got my bandoleer
of ammunition,
and crossed back over
the little stream.
Then the guy I always called
the Colonel, he says, Stone,
where are you going?
I said, you said
you needed to know
what's going on over there.
He says, yeah, but I did
not want you to volunteer
and I don't want you to go back.
I says, Colonel, look, I did
not know what we were really
coming here for, I didn't
know we'd run into anything
like this, but I got to know.
I got to know what's
going on back there.
Something I got to
know, was it these guys
that brought this down?
And if it is these guys
that brought it down,
then we have problems.
I says, but I got to know
and I got to find out.
So I started to go back.
And one by one, each
of the other soldiers
grabbed their M16,
their bandoleer,
and started following me.
And the Colonel then last,
but he would have come anyhow
if it was just me.
He went ahead and came on back,
and he crossed over with me--
with us, should I say.
We went on back.
There was nothing there.
There was some people who
talk about this story,
say there were big gapping
wounds on the-- no.
There was wounds that was
consistent with shrapnel
from the missile--
>>EMERY: From the missile.
>>STONE: --that hit it.
And it was obvious that
some died instantaneously.
So we went ahead.
We took the bodies
out of the plane.
And when we took the
bodies out of the plane,
we went ahead and put them
on blankets on the ground,
because we didn't
have any stretchers,
and we called in
for the helicopters
to come pick them up,
and they picked them up.
And these were
medical helicopters
that picked them up.
But they picked them
up, took them on back
to process to bring
them back to the States.
When this happened,
we had some engineers
brought in on a helicopter.
Then we had about
four of the Skycranes
there, CH-54 helicopters,
which are big utility copters.
>>EMERY: Huge.
>>STONE: The engineers cut
off the wings of the B-52,
cut off the tail section,
and each of the CH-54s
picked up a wing, the
fuselage, and the tail section,
and flew them out of there.
We walked back to
our staging area.
At our staging
area, we picked up
everything we had
back there, trying
to make it look like
we were never there,
got on-board the helicopters
they sent to pick us up.
By the time we got back,
it was the next night.
We got out of our helicopters,
went to the same plane
that we came in
on, and took off.
At that time, they went
ahead and debriefed us,
telling us, OK,
here's what happened.
Enemy fire brought
down the B-52.
Unfortunately, it
went down in a country
that was not friendly to the
United States government.
We went in as a
recovery team to recover
any survivors that
may have survived
the crash of that B-52.
This is the cover
story we are going
to be releasing to the media,
to the public at large,
if this becomes public that
this incident occurred.
Otherwise, this incident never
occurred, nothing happened,
and you were never, ever here.
If you say you were
here, if you repeat
the story of this
incident, we can
prove that you were never here.
>>EMERY: What happened
to the extraterrestrials?
Was that the last
time you see them?
>>STONE: Yeah, that was it.
We have no idea.
>>EMERY: And did your
commander comment
on the extraterrestrials?
>>STONE: [LAUGHS] Yeah,
but he was guessing,
I think, too, same as I was.
>>EMERY: You're in shock.
I mean, everyone was.
>>STONE: Yeah, I didn't plan on
anything like that to be there.
>>EMERY: Did the
extraterrestrials
have clothing?
>>STONE: They had the one piece,
almost skintight clothing.
It was almost like the
clothes breathed with them.
And it was to cover up their
modesty, as I always said.
But I was trying to figure
out how do they even
get into these, because
there were no zippers.
>>EMERY: Nope.
>>STONE: They went
around up to the neck.
How the heck do
they get into them?
I never got to see
if they stretched
or anything like that.
I wasn't about to
go, do you care
if I see if this stretches any?
I never did anything like that.
>>EMERY: It's unlike you
to bring out your gun
and start shooting ETs.
Why?
>>STONE: Well, this was
one of my first experiences
with them being in
a hostile situation.
And I was unsure what was really
going on there, and the fact
that they were
calling me by name
and asking why I was there.
Well, maybe the
medical problems I
had to keep me out
of the military,
maybe it was by design by them.
But because I love
my country and I
felt that I had a
moral obligation--
because I believed
that my country could
do no wrong, that
if we were fighting
a war in Vietnam, that they were
getting their orders directly
from God.
And to me, it was the old adage
of God, mom, and apple pie.
So I had a moral obligation
to serve my country.
>>EMERY: I think every young
soldier feels this way.
>>STONE: But I knew there
were a lot of people fighting
against the war
that didn't think
it was right and all that.
So I wanted in.
But who were they to come
out to tell me I'm not
supposed-- what was going on?
And a million different mixed
up thoughts just running
through my head at the time.
And I didn't know
when we went back, I
didn't know whether we were
going to be confronting weapons
that was going to end our
existence on this Earth above
and beyond anything we'd ever
seen before, whether they were
hostile toward us, whether--
did they really bring
down this craft,
which I was praying to God
they had nothing to do with.
And I felt in my heart they
didn't, because I already
saw where the craft was hit.
It was consistent
with a SAM hitting it.
I saw the wounds on the
airmen that were killed,
and those were consistent
with shrapnel wounds.
And I'd already
seen some of those,
because we don't cut out
the parts of training films
that might be bad to show.
You were to get the gore of
war from the training films.
You were being trained so,
when you got over there,
you would do
everything you could
to minimize your
mistakes, so you would
survive and get to come home.
But I knew what
I was looking at.
And I knew this wasn't
some exotic weapon that
brought this plane down.
The only thing I
didn't understand
was how did it just set
down on the jungle floor.
That's the only thing
I couldn't understand.
And once this happened, I knew
we were in a hostile country.
>>EMERY: So there was not a
debris field going into this?
>>STONE: No debris field.
There were no-- any of the
treetops that were lopped off
as the plane came in.
Nothing like that at all.
So yeah, that was
the situation there.
I would not know
that it was Vietnam
till I was assigned to Vietnam.
The first place I landed coming
into Vietnam was Bien Hoa.
I would not know
till later on when
we weren't going into Vietnam.
Officially, we
went into Cambodia.
We went in, and I remembered
some of the areas around there.
>>EMERY: Now, I know
you have some experience
with the tunnels over there.
Could you elaborate for the
audience what you experienced?
>>STONE: There was one
time that I went ahead.
And we won't go into detail why
I would go off post at night.
I'd go, and people say,
oh, oh, you can't do that.
Well, yeah, you can.
And the troops there knew
why I was going out that way,
but I could go out undetected
in our own kill zone.
But anyhow, I went out.
And the place I went out was
real close to this rubber
plantation.
Anyhow, when I went
out that night,
there's this helicopter
sitting there.
I'm thinking, OK,
what the heck is this?
And the same guy I always
called the Colonel,
he went ahead and told
me, he said, you're late.
We've been waiting
20 minutes for you.
I'm thinking, I'm late?
How the heck did you even
know I was coming out here?
But anyhow, he said,
you're to go with us.
So I did.
And I'm thinking, OK, what
are we going to be doing?
He knows what I'm out here for.
So we go ahead, we take off.
When we take off, he says,
we're going to Nui Ba Den.
And there at Tay Ninh, they
have this big mountain.
And most people hear
of it as Nui Ba Den.
That translates to the
Black Virgin Mountain.
We went, I'd say, roughly in
the center of the mountain.
We landed there, and there's
this big, huge open-- big cave.
And we were wondering, OK,
what are we doing here?
Well, they decided that we
were going to go from there
and we're going to go back.
Now, there's other
troops already there.
So we start to go into the cave.
We take a PRC-25 with us.
And we start going back.
As we get further
and further back,
it gets more difficult
to use the radio.
So we dropped the radio off with
a person there with the radio.
Then we'd do relays.
So if we had to get
radio messages out,
we'd send a soldier back to
say, OK, send this message out.
But we continued to go back.
We continued to go back,
the entrance got smaller,
then it opened up into this
big cavern, huge place,
which looked like some type
of laboratory of some sort.
And we got in there.
And you didn't see no
lights like we have here.
But it was lit.
It was well-lit.
It's hard to explain
how it looked.
It looked like a luminescent
black and white scene.
>>EMERY: Like bioluminescent?
Was it glowing?
>>STONE: Yeah.
Well, it wasn't really
glowing, but that
was the impression you got,
because this is at night.
There's no moonlight
coming in, nothing.
Then we looked out on one side,
and we saw some of the soldiers
on the outside that was on the
other side of where we were,
and it looked like they
were walking on air.
And the guy I always
called the Colonel says,
can you explain that?
I said, I don't know
what type of technology
the NVA could have
that's doing this.
And I says, why do they
need a laboratory here?
He says, so you
think this is NVA?
I said, this is Vietnam, right?
He says, yes, yes, but
we need to find out
what's going on here.
I'm getting ahead of myself.
Make a couple points
clear about seeing them
like they were walking in air.
We actually sent message
out and told them,
can you folks go ahead,
take your entrenching tools,
and just take one or
two scoops of earth,
and dig, and see what happens.
Well, we could see them
put their entrenching tools
on what seemed like air.
When they brought them up and
threw them over their shoulder,
there was earth on
them, there was dirt.
When they landed back into the
earth, they simply disappeared.
So we had no idea what
we were looking at.
But it was like
somehow, some way, there
was some type of
technology there
that would let us see through
the side of the mountain
to where it appeared
that it was just
like a big window of some sort.
All of a sudden, once
again, a typical Gray
started to show up.
And when they started to show
up, no words were uttered.
But immediately,
the other soldiers,
without even being told
to, they started to fire.
Once that happened,
it was like you
could hold your hand that
close in front of you,
you would not be able to see it.
And everyone's yelling,
cease fire, cease fire.
Then all of a sudden, I got a
pain in my head in my left eye.
And I went down.
And that's the
last I remembered.
>>EMERY: You were shot?
>>STONE: No.
When I woke up, I'm
outside of the cave.
And I asked the Colonel,
how did I get out here?
How did you guys
get me out here?
He said, we didn't.
We have no idea how
you got out here.
Well, you patched my eye up.
Says, well, yeah, but
you were unconscious.
I said, oh?
He says, yes, but there
was a patch over your eye
when you got out here.
And I remembered that
there was this voice
while I was still in a semi
state of a coma that said,
if we don't take
care of his eye,
he will lose the
sight in the left eye.
And that was the last
thing I remembered.
And my medical records reflect
that a bug sprayed a spray
into my eye that like a surgical
instrument cut the cornea out
or the retina of the eye.
It took almost two weeks
for it to go ahead and heal.
>>EMERY: Was this a craft in
this cave system or was it
really just a built-out
laboratory that
the extraterrestrials--
>>STONE: To the best of my
knowledge, it wasn't a craft,
but I can't say it wasn't,
because the whole situation is
several days after that,
the cave no longer existed.
The big cavern under
there no longer existed.
And the way it was put--
there was never a cave there.
There was never
an opening there.
We never went there.
But we had an officially
sanctioned deception story.
Should anyone ever find out
that an incident happened there,
that it was the communists
that had a laboratory there.
They were going to use
germ warfare on us.
They were working on
the bubonic plague
that they were going
to go ahead and try
to introduce to the
American armed forces there.
But then they
concluded that it would
hurt some of their people, too,
a whole lot of their people,
and it may create an
epidemic there in Vietnam
that they may not
be able to control,
so they went ahead and
decided not to do it.
Well, the story never got out.
We didn't have to
use the cover story.
However, many people
knew of the cover story.
So there at Tay Ninh base
camp, a lot of people
were talking about that, and it
became that it was a VC camp.
Well, elements of the
25th Infantry and elements
of a couple of the special
forces troops that were there
went ahead and
went looking for it
and could never find it,
even though it was clear
exactly where it was.
>>EMERY: What do
you think happened?
>>STONE: I don't know.
Here, again, I do know that
they can go ahead and displace
time-space.
They could go ahead
through a solid wall.
They can come
through it, and just
like what we'd say a ghost
walking through a wall.
But this is technology.
This isn't supernatural.
And possibly there in
that particular area,
they had a craft there, and
that's what we were seeing.
But here, again, they were
displacing time-space.
So the mountain was still there.
There was no digging
out of the mountain.
The opening was there.
And I'm pretty sure the
opening was there for a reason,
because they didn't
necessarily have
to have that opening
if that was the case.
But there's a whole lot
of questions to which we
have no answers for.
And until the governments of
the world-- not just the US
government, but the
governments of the world
start talking about the fact
that UFOs are a reality,
they're here, and starts
telling the people,
here are some of the
things that we do
know, and we can have
an open dialogue--
they might be surprised.
There may be people in
the civilian sector that
know a whole lot more
about our visitors
than any government on the
face of this world knows.
But until there is that
confirmation from authority
that, one, they're
real, they're here,
and there's
interaction going on,
and we really have
nothing to fear--
because to date, we
have no indication
of them being hostile.
Till that happens, people
who may know a whole lot more
aren't talking.
>>EMERY: You mentioned a
couple different incidences
of species, mostly Grays.
Why do you think
it's these Grays?
>>STONE: Well, first
of all, we identified
three types of Grays.
The other thing is that
they may be more active
in some of this
stuff, particularly
than what the others are.
For example, if you have where
they are just like pure energy
entities, well, people may
identify those as supernatural,
ghosts, things of this sort.
Therefore, they get
thrown to the side.
Other of the entities look
very much like us, like humans.
So we might go ahead and
decide, well, you know what?
This is something that
is weird, but very human,
because these people are human.
But the Grays, for whatever
reason, are very, very--
how do I put this?
I don't want to say nosy.
Very curious.
And that's probably why.
But the whole situation
is, like the one
that I have contact with,
people want me to say he's gray.
I wish I could.
He's green.
They want me to say
he's about 4 foot tall.
Wish I could.
But he's about 5 foot
tall, a little over.
Very few of them are reported.
But I'm happy to say that in
my search for certain things,
I found out other people have
seen the green types also.
And I always worry,
what happens?
Do they get you?
And he says, well, no,
we have a means where
we're never going to be caught.
They're not going to take
us and hold us as prisoners.
The only thing they're
going to know about us
is what we tell them
what they want to know.
Says, now we need to
make it clear to you
that we are not hostile.
We are interested
in learning as much
about your world civilization
as possible, because we want
to find everything good and
try to help you hopefully
to eliminate all the things
that are evil in this world,
but not come in and
force it upon you,
but make it to where
this is your decision
and this is where you
want to go as a species.
So yeah, like I say,
there are many things
I don't have answers for.
These are a couple of the
incidences that happened to me.
There are now
documents that exist,
that were just released
here about two years ago,
talking about UFOs in Vietnam.
That's how I know about the
meeting that took place there
at MACV headquarters
in June 30, 1968.
This is how I know that
the Air Force and the Army
was trying to make efforts,
particularly in II Corps area,
of the UFOs that
was being picked
up there on a nightly basis.
Up around the DMZ, the UFOs
that were being picked up there,
that were mentioned in the
documents that have surfaced,
we were making every effort
to identify these objects.
It makes it clear
that they were told
not to go ahead and
call these UFOS,
but to call them
enemy helicopters
or unidentified aircraft.
It makes it clear, we were never
able to identify these objects.
It makes it clear
that they never gave
any sign of hostile intent.
The UFOs stayed with us all
the way to the end of the war.
General Brown, I
think it was in '73,
was asked, what can
you tell us about UFOs
at a news conference.
General Brown said, we
didn't call them UFOs then.
We called them
enemy helicopters.
Finally, we stopped-- we
started to ignore them,
and the problem went away.
The sightings didn't go
away, but we no longer
perceived them as a threat.
But the reports
were still there.
And as a matter of fact,
the requirement in Vietnam
was that units made a
monthly report of the number
of sightings of UFOs.
>>EMERY: Do you know how
many sightings were reported?
>>STONE: It was numbering
into the thousands.
Now, once again, that
information, it was classified,
but it's never destroyed.
That is never released.
Also, the documentation
that has been released
makes it clear that there are
higher classified documents
than what was released,
that to this day
have not been released.
And I want people to start
asking the government,
look, you have this stuff
about Vietnam classified
at a secret level or higher,
the American public have a right
to know.
And that hasn't happened yet.
>>EMERY: Is there anything
that you learned in Vietnam
from these extraterrestrials
that you took home with you?
>>STONE: Well, from the
experiences I had in Vietnam
and the things that I learned
that I could go ahead and put
in my memoirs, so to speak, is
that they were very much trying
to understand how a race
of people, a race of beings
such as us, capable of so much
good, helping one another,
making this a much better world
to live in, how we could be
also of such a nature that we
could kill innocent people,
literally murder in the name
of war, in the name of glory.
And they can't understand war.
And horrible things
happened in Vietnam.
And I witnessed a
whole lot of that.
And the situation is
they witnessed it.
And they were trying
to understand why.
And the one thing
that I took away
and I think the rest
world needs to think about
is that little, what,
one or two sentences
that here we are,
a species capable
of such good, honorable things.
How is it that we can be
the same creature that
can be capable of such horrific
things that we do in war?
>>EMERY: Clifford
Stone, thank you, sir.
Thanks for being on the show.
>>STONE: Once again, sir, it
was my pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: It's always an
honor to be with you.
>>STONE: Thank you, sir.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]